Oh what up guys degree men so I'm
sitting over the second son's I'm gonna
watch this nubcake named dead plate do
an attack so channel 8 high low and yeah
take advantage of the bases you can
exploit guys
releasing looms to UM pretty much all
the defenses are going to be anti-air
defenses and guess the CC pull Tesla's
pop up and you're going to know that
there's also going to be test is over
here because why have a ring if there is
no ring you know why waste your time
building a ring without are you think
over here giap's Teddy's barbarian for
the anchor down south now the reason
it's coming down here is because that
King a lot of town elates don't seem too
worried about the king or let the Hogs
or something deal with the King later on
but if you can get into that King you
know everything goes around to him just
makes your life easier at the end of day
a couple of arches go down
and that comes CC which school skellies
then everything's gonna funnel around
this way it's beautiful
dead King
and then hogs from the direction of the
kill squad so the kill squad has tanks
in front of it so you kill squads
lockdown just go in and die no call
ain't got nothing on it man heal spells
to come take care of that
I jump out and still got one spell
leftover lovely barbarian king sends in
a couple bobs up here for clean oh it
was beautiful
and King gets dropped down to try and
tank but it would have been more useful
over here to go up that way for the
cleanup just because there's like eight
or nine holes left over but at the end
of the day that's one smash base for my
channel eight hole oh man so guys if you
see spread out bases like this then
that's one of your choices instead of
having to use dragon too little time
guys there are options out there these
days
um if anyone's got some good interesting
channel eight attacks you know give me
shout out and I might cover a record
anyway guys twice